Everything that Hailey Baldwin and Selena Gomez have publicly said about each other

Selena Gomez and Hailey Bieber (née Baldwin) both dated Justin Bieber, who Hailey eventually married.
People have long speculated about a feud between Hailey Bieber and Selena Gomez.
The alleged feud came to a head in 2023, and Gomez called for "negativity" towards Bieber to end.
Here's everything that Hailey and Gomez have said about each other over the years. 

In 2011, Hailey Bieber supported Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber's relationship.
The Sun reported that in September 2011, Hailey Bieber (née Baldwin), who was 14 at the time, said in a since-deleted tweet that she was a fan of the then-couple. 
"I don't care what anyone says but Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez together is the definition of a teenage dream! #word," she wrote at the time.

Hailey tweeted about the then-couple again in 2012.
According to Glamour, Hailey tweeted about Gomez and Justin again around the Oscars. 
"I gotta say I was really looking forward to seeing what color coordination Jelena was gonna do for this years VF party.. #sigh #ohwell," she wrote, per Glamour.
According to Us Weekly, Hailey also called Gomez "beyond flawless," saying that she and Justin had the "perfect relationship."

In 2019, Hailey denied that she was calling out Gomez after she released a song.
Us Weekly reported that after Gomez released a single titled "Lose You to Love Me" in 2019, Hailey posted Summer Walker and Jhené Aiko's song "I'll Kill You" to her Instagram story. 
In response to an Instagram post about rumors that Hailey had posted the song in connections to Gomez's single, Hailey wrote, "Please stop with this nonsense… there is no 'response.' This is complete BS."


Gomez later asked her followers to be 'kind' after the incident in an implicit defense of Hailey.
Cosmopolitan reported that Gomez said that she was "grateful for the response of the song," but would "never stand for women tearing other women down" during an Instagram Live. 
"So please be kind to everyone," she said. "Please be kind, I don't like seeing people being disrespectful or rude to other people, so please don't do that."


In 2020, Gomez defended her friend Madison Beer after she received backlash for dining with Hailey.
Gomez defended Madison Beer from backlash after a night where the two and Hailey Bieber were all at the same restaurant. 
Elle reported that in January 2020, Gomez, Hailey, and Beer were all at the same restaurant in Los Angeles one night, though Gomez was celebrating the release of her album "Rare" while Hailey and Beer were dining with other friends. 
According to Elle, rumors circulated on Twitter that Beer, Hailey, and Gomez had a disagreement at the restaurant, which Beer denied. 
When Gomez unfollowed Beer on Instagram, some fans began to harass Beer.
"These rumors are gettin insane. I just had dinner with my friend Hailey of ten years. And that's it? How is that a crime? I love Selena... Always have," she wrote on Instagram. 
"And I would literally never in a million years try to upset her??? This is just mean and unnecessary and nothing happened. It was just a coincidence, you're bullying me for no reason..."
Gomez interceded herself, commenting on Beer's post and following her again. 
"This is disgusting reading all of this. This wasn't intentional whatsoever. I'm so disappointed that people would speak to someone like this," Gomez wrote, per Elle. 
"I have known Madison since she was a baby and watched her continue to become the woman she is. There is no issue."

Hailey said on 'Call Her Daddy' in September 2022 that she and Gomez never dated Justin at the same time.
"I can say, period, point blank, I was never with him when he was in a relationship with anybody — that's the end of it," Hailey said on the podcast. 
"The timeline also that I think sometimes is in question of like — us getting together and getting engaged and him having been spending time with his ex before that — this is so crazy, I've literally never talked about this, ever," she continued. 
"I understand again, how it looks from the outside and there's a lot of perception there, but that was a situation where I know for a fact that it was the right thing for them to close that door."
Hailey also said at the time that she and Gomez didn't have any interpersonal problems.
Hailey said on "Call Her Daddy" that she had spoken to Gomez since marrying Justin in 2018. 
"It's all respect, it's all love," she said. 
"That's also why I feel like if everybody on our side knows what happened and we're good and we could walk away from it with clarity and respect, then that's fine. Which has brought me a lot of peace and I'm like, 'Hey, we know what happened.'"

Gomez appeared to defend Hailey from backlash after the 'Call Her Daddy' episode.
"I think some of the things that I don't even need to be aware of are just vile and disgusting,' Gomez said during a TikTok Live a day after the podcast was released. 
"And it's not fair, and noe one ever should be spoken to in the manner that I've seen."
The comments appear to address some of her fans who were harassing the Biebers following the episode, Insider previously reported.

In February, Gomez and Hailey responded to rumors that a TikTok Hailey made with Kendall Jenner was targeting Gomez.
Selena Gomez and Hailey Bieber both responded to rumors around a TikTok including Kendall Jenner.
TikTok user @ellenacuario posted a video reacting to a theory that one of Hailey's since-deleted TikTok videos was targeting Gomez's weight gain. 
In the original clip, People reported, Hailey posted a video with two friends (including Kendall Jenner) lip-syncing along to a popular TikTok audio that says: "I'm not saying she deserved it, but I'm saying God's timing is always right." 
The theory linked the timing of the video to Gomez being body-shamed for recent weight gain. 
"It's ok! I don't let these things get me down! Be nice to everyone! x," Gomez said in the comments of @ellenacuario's video in February, according to People. 
Hailey had also publicly denied the theory that her original video and Gomez's weight gain were linked. 
"I never comment on this type of thing but we were just having a girls night and did a random tik tok sound for fun. It's not directed at anyone," she commented on a different TikTok about the theory in January.

On February 22, Gomez said there was no ill will after people speculated Kylie Jenner and Hailey were making fun of her.
A viral TikTok video linked photos that Kylie Jenner posted of her and Hailey's eyebrows to one of Gomez's posts, in which she worried that her eyebrows were over-laminated, Glamour reported. 
Kylie responded to the video, posted by user @devotedly.yours, saying that it was "reaching" and that she meant "no shade towards Selena."
Gomez agreed, commenting on the same video, "It's all unnecessary. I'm a fan of Kylie!"

On February 23, Gomez responded to a video showing Hailey shading Taylor Swift.
A since-removed TikTok video resurfaced a 2017 clip of Hailey making a gagging gesture at the mention of Taylor Swift. 
Gomez responded to the video in its comments section, Insider previously reported. 
"So sorry, my best friend is and continues to be one of the best in the game," she wrote, referring to Swift.

Gomez commented 'I love you' on a TikTok video defending her and mentioning Hailey and Kylie.
TikTok user @sarahinsunlight posted a video on February 22 defending Gomez, calling Hailey and Kylie "mean girls" and "nepo babies."
"I love you," Gomez commented on the video, Insider reported.

Gomez later said that she was leaving social media.
In an Instagram live video, Gomez said that she was going to be taking a break from social media, Insider reported.
"I'm so blessed. I have the best friends, the best fans in the whole world, and I just couldn't be happier. I'm good," she said. 
"I love who I am. And, yeah. I'm going to be taking a second from social media 'cause it's… this is a little silly. I'm 30. I'm too old for this."

On Friday, March 24, Gomez condemned 'death threats' and 'hateful negativity' towards Hailey.
Gomez posted a message on her Instagram story on Friday saying that Hailey had told her that she has been "receiving death threats and such hateful negativity."
Gomez condemned those actions, writing, "This isn't what I stand for. No one should have to experience hate or bullying. I've always advocated for kindness and really want this all to stop."

